What's up? Hey, can you hear me all right? Yep. Joe just went to get on, um, and John as well. OK. Hey, how's it going, John? Hey guys, how are you? Doing great. Thanks for asking. Um, yeah, I don't think you had, you had a chance to meet, um, these guys yet, but this is, um, actually I'll just let, I'll let both of them introduce themselves actually. Hey John, I'm Dan. You and I exchanged a couple of texts last week. Uh, that's right, yeah. Hey Dan, how are you? Good. I'm a little disheveled. I'm sorry. These guys may or may not have told you we're in the build in the process of buying and renovating a building that will become our new home in downtown Logan, so. That's awesome. Congrats. I'm at the new building. I'm doing a little bit of construction, a little bit of welding, fabricating, really. Um, I'm just kind of a jack of all trades, so nice, yeah, well, I'm just wearing a hoodie, so no, no worries. I wasn't thinking anything about it. Very good. Hello, I'm Joseph Ivey. I am the general manager or lead of development here at Lightning Kiite, so I am the technical person here, so. All right, great. So Eric, I, I think you guys, you two, since you and John already had a little bit of a communication going, why don't you start walking through and Joseph and I will just fill in or ask questions where we need to. Yeah, so we, um, we had a chance to look at your, your doc, um, that you sent over, and, um, I, I think that I'll definitely let Joe kind of lead on a lot of the questions we had about it, um, cause there's definitely, I know you mentioned like, oh, don't take this as 100% gospel, we wanna know kind of like what parts should be gospel and what parts aren't right. Um, but the, the general gist that we kind of understood is that essentially you have, um, your, these clinics as part of your chain that are allowed to use. Sound like 6 to 12 different pharmacies that are approved, and those pharmacies are allowed to deliver in certain states and some, you know, some aren't, and essentially you need a platform that will Taking all the data from those pharmacies, um, basically display it in one place so that the provider can choose which prescription is going to be best. Um, I'm assuming you probably want cost information there. Um, and then once they place the order, also have your order management and tracking and everything all in one place so you don't have to go track down. You know, different portals and everything from all the pharmacies, and it also from the sounds of that in the doc, it sounds like that it's also a benefit to the pharmacy so that the pharmacy doesn't have to manage like a ton of different accounts with um different people and I'm assuming that it probably gives you some volume, um, negotiation power with the pharmacies as well. Um, is another reason you're doing this from, from our assumptions. So is anything like big picture that I missed there in our understanding of it? I think the big picture, and when I say it's not 100% gospel, like the big picture is there, you know, like what we're doing, every little feature and stuff, like, I don't know, like we'll flesh that out over time, I'm sure, um, so you're really ultimately looking for us, looking for a vendor that's gonna help you do that though too, right, like. Yeah, for sure, because I'm like, I, I mean, I understand the operational side really well as a clinic owner and what we're trying to build to like serve the franchisees of game day, um. But I would be an end user, like I'm a customer, right? Um, and I'm like there's 400 people like me out there, they're just struggling through this. Least efficient way possible of ordering meds. And, you know, affecting all of our patients too, because they don't, they don't get the benefit of like, we should, we're a big network, we should be able to like make this so smooth from their side, and it's not just because the, the lack of modern tools available, it's like, I mean, I think I outlined this a little bit, but you just imagine, you know, we have to order meds for one guy, right? It's like, OK, well, this guy's on testosterone, we usually get that from this one pharmacy. We go and order kind of our standard stuff. Um, Three days later, that guy's like, hey, where's my stuff? I'm like, OK, what is he asking about? So if we log into one system to see, OK, as a testosterone patient, probably from this one pharmacy, I can find that. Now I've got to go log into their portal to find if it's shipped yet, and if there's a tracking number, and if there is, I copy and paste that into a text back to the guy, like, come on, you do that 300 times a month across one clinic and it's like a mess. And then times that by 400, it's like, This is insane, guys. This isn't. Do you think, do you think that just some operational questions for me, and that that's ultimately where my forte is, right, is blending operations with technology. Joseph is a straight up geek. I love him to death. That is, that is a term of endearment in, in my world with him. He will go everywhere with me for the rest of my life. We're attached to the hip. I love him that much, um. But from an operational standpoint, is this causing issues with your customers? That is, is it causing frustration and churn? Uh, I, I totally get the, the, the clinic management side of it. Like I just wanna hang myself, given what you've described. But does it cause issues with your customers as well? Yeah, it does, um. And we kind of like, I mean, my clinic is probably one of the better run. I mean, we're kind of in the top echelons. We're not at the top, but like we're, we're a well-run clinic. We, we're doing well and everything else. But there's definitely friction in the, in the supply chain from a customer perspective. It's like, uh, here we go again, like another game day order that, you know, they forgot to enter or they entered it and I never got tracking and now I'm out of meds and You know, we can be like, hey, come down to the clinic, we'll get you a shot today. That's like our go to. It's like, great, now we got an errand, you know. So like, I don't know if it's caused a lot of churn, but probably some. Um, it's certainly, it's enough where I'm like, this is, there's a lot of noise around this. Like we get a lot of phone calls and texts. I'm like there's enough smoke there that I'm like, gonna solve this. Like this should be so, this should be one of the easiest things, you know, in 2026. Yep, I totally get it. There's, there's probably some reasons, and Joseph and I will bring them up, I'm sure, but that, that it hasn't been. It, it's not obviously solved, right? Um, there's some risk involved here, uh, from a, a vendor standpoint, from a vendor, from a software technology there, there, there just is because of the world that you serve, so we'll ask some questions around that, um. I think I, I think I understand enough of what you want to accomplish there from an operational standpoint, or at least what you're trying to solve. Probably not how, but what, you know. OK, yeah. The only thing I didn't really get into, except for very lightly in the PRD is This idea of, you know, a lot of these treatments are ongoing, but there's no system that tells me, it's time to get a refill out to this guy, you know. And so, um, I mean, we run it literally from a spreadsheet that says, hey, it's been 28 days, let's get another order in. Um, And most clinics don't even have that, you know. Yeah. They have, hey, um, they have when a payment hit kind of triggers, uh, we should probably put an order in for this guy. Um I like our spreadsheet because it tells me the guys who aren't even on recurring payments, hey, like he's probably running out of stuff and needs a refill. Let's ping him and say, hey, are you getting low on that? You're ready for a refill? So like that becomes like a money generator for us because, you know, some of those guys are like, yeah, get another one going. Thanks for reminding me so I don't have to run out. Um, and that, that could be. Maybe easy is the wrong term, but simply probably put into a system where it's like, look, I know the dose because it's in the prescription. I know how big that vial of meds is. Um, not that hard of a rocket science equation to say he's going to run out in 45 days or whatever it is. And as we're approaching that deadline, you know, that could trigger a text to the patient, hey, it looks like you're ready for a refill, you're not on an auto payment. Would you like us to get that started for you? You know, so like that's maybe next-gen stuff. Generation one is like, let's just get the orders flowing and make that part easy. And then we can start adding all bells and whistles over time. OK. Joseph, do you like, do you wanna dive into this, or do you want me to ask some operational questions? I just, I, I don't know what you have in mind. I have plenty of technical questions and questions about, I guess, what uh resources we have access to so far. But uh I figured the legal and operational questions are very much your domain. I can go either order. OK, I, I'll, I'll just ask a few of mine right now that I, that have been on my mind since John, just to kind of bring you up to speed, Joseph and Eric, and I have been captive in a, in a car a couple of times since your call with him. So we've, we've been going back and forth already around this. Um, my big thing is HIPAA compliance, and, uh, you know, I, I get that, I get that your, your practice or your clinic is going to have to be HIPAA compliant, but is PHI going to be transmitted on this platform? And that's gonna, that's a two, that's a two-step question. I can see in phase one, there's a cha as you just described them, there's a chance that it might not be, highly likely that it will be. My camera's going weird, I'm sorry. Um, and, but then there's also, uh, I can clearly see in phase two, where there is a very high likelihood that there will be a PHI that's maintained and transmitted in this platform. Can you tell me a little bit about that? I don't know that there's any, any version of this that doesn't have a lot of PHI. OK, we're literally sending and managing prescriptions, right? Like there's nothing more sensitive than that. So yeah, there will be a ton of PHI that we gotta have lockdown. The, the only, the only concern that I had or the only thought that I had that saved you from that is that it may, if it's not personally identifiable, if it can, if it's obfuscated in this platform, then I don't have to worry about it as much. But if you're gonna transmit. Do you, I, I, I, this is the world that I don't know. Um, do you have to transmit back to the individual pharmacy, uh, you know, who that request belongs to, kind of thing. Yeah, like we have to give them, here's the name, here's their address, here's the, the medication they're on, here's the dosing, like that's all inherent in the prescription itself. OK. Here's the prescriber. Here's their, their clinic they're from, and we have to keep track of that prescribers like DEA licensing, medical licensing, so like, It's the most sensitive data you could have. We have all of it. Awesome. OK, very good. I, I, I was just, I was hoping beyond hope that, that, you know, cause, cause that, that can, if my, my hope came true, that simplifies a lot from an operational standpoint for us anyway, um. That, uh, have we dealt with HIPAA? Yeah, are we dealing with, with Near HIPPAA right now, yes, absolutely. So it doesn't, that, that, the fact that you need it doesn't concern me. It was just, it might make the way forward faster for you, you know, if we didn't. Yeah, I can clearly see it, so it's fine. Joseph, I think, I, I, I, I think at this point I'm probably just gonna have to noodle through my stuff a little bit more. So you can go ahead and go, go for it. OK, so I understand that you guys have ended up now, I think, with two vibe coded prototypes, uh, at various, various points, or at least one, right? Yeah, um, So we have a. A true vibe coding, like a non-technical guy got in Claude and started throwing in features and Claude started making stuff and it's like, hey, this kind of works. Uh, we have that for sure, um, full access to it. I could demo it for you guys. And it kind of like shows a lot of the features and stuff, um. Previous to that, we had a, a technical co-founder that was going to be on the team that kind of did the same thing, although he is a developer. He was pretty much like, hey, I've got Claude over here, I've got Chad GBT over here, and like, he's giving me commands, write this code and he's handing that code over to the other side, hey, find the loopholes or the problems with this and fix it. And then he's ultimately reading the code. This is how he described it to me. He reads it all before he pushes anything live and he's like, this is how you do it now. I'm like, OK. How long did that take you to build? He's like 3 weeks. I was like, cool. Um, and then he wanted 40% of the company for his 3-week vibe code project. I'm like, I don't think that's gonna work at all. Um, yeah, the, the entire rest of the business is a lot harder. Yeah, I'm like, we still have to build this thing and recruit talent, and anyway, there's a lot to it and It ended up just being cleaner to walk away for everybody and, um, you know, he's friendly and he's like, he would, he's like, I'll give it to you, but still wants some value for it. I'm like, I don't think so. I mean, every developer I've talked to has kind of said, we're just going to build it from scratch anyways. Um, just because we trust it that way, so I, I don't trust anything vibe coded. All it takes is a single, single line, and especially where this CHI, yeah. Yeah, I, I feel the same way. So I, I think we're just gonna say, look, those are all great to maybe show you some ideas, but the PRD kind of has it all anyways. I'd rather just build it fresh, and I think that's probably the right approach at this point. Yep, fine by me, but the main reason I actually ask is because I was hoping that that indicates that you guys already have access to a lot of these APIs and a lot of these hoops that you've got to jump through to get developer access to some things like ID.me and all of these, these pharmacies, they have APIs. Um, Eric was telling me that you guys might already have access to some of those, and that's the most valuable information for me in terms of both estimation and actually building it. So, I, it's, that that's kind of the biggest piece of information I need is actually all of the uh APIs or at least an idea of the APIs we'll be working with, what they look like. Yeah. So, um, I have I can get all the APIs within a week. I have one right now that was sent to me. The rest were sent to our other guy. Um, but they're pretty easy to get. Most of them are like, hey, here's the API, have fun with it. Um, they're not. Because of like what we are bringing to the table in terms of like game day in the network and what it represents, they're, they're quite pliable, like, hey, let's make it happen, which is great, um. The APIs themselves are going to be varying levels of sophistication. Some are really good. Some are going to be like, oh man, really, that's what we have. And but it's what we have, you know. We've worked with some real horrors, so I'm doubting you'll find anything that scares me more than, uh, a banner, uh, which is one of the most cursed educational systems I've ever seen. You're just jinxing it now, man. You're jinxing the whole thing. Don't say that. Don't say things like that. Oh dear. Yeah. No, I've seen my fair share of messy APIs and we've worked with them. So I'm personally not terribly worried about it other than I do need the access, so I know what kind of scope we're talking about. Let me just check the monetization model and make sure I understand it. You guys are planning on having a price for the medication in question that is not necessarily directly attached to what the pharmacy that you're using is selling it for, and that's where your markup is, or are you guys doing something else? Yeah, I mean, at the simplest level, it's a meds markup. Um, and that could also be, markup is the probably the wrong term because they can get really. Weird about marking up medications, um, but I don't know of a of a cleaner business term. It's what it is. Like there's a spread there we buy it at one price and we can sell it at a different price. Um, and there are things follow something akin to like a manufacturer's, uh, a map pricing is that, um. I actually thought that they might have like a map pricing and none of them do. Like they don't really care what we sell it for. I, I was kind of hoping they would say, don't, don't advertise it below this price. And they're like, we don't, they just don't care about that. They only care what they sell it to me for. Um, so, obviously the business case has to support like the bigger the spread, the better in a way, but we have to think about that because the market is what it is. We can't get too, too ahead of ourselves. Um, there's there'll be something in there. Um, down the road, there, we can do the same thing with shipping. A lot of them charge like, you know, 15 bucks to ship a 1 pound package ground. I'm like, I know that costs about 6 bucks. Um, and they're all open to me giving them my shipping numbers, but I'm like, I don't wanna, I don't want to deal with it right now. Um, so, that's the core of the business model, and there's gonna be a lot of ancillary stuff, like, hey, if we had a really Uh, cool like pro version that does texting with patients and stuff, maybe they pay like an access fee or something like that for all that. Um, but for now, just think really in simple terms of we just need to order meds and know what our cost is and be able to have a price on that we display to. The clinics when they're ordering stuff. OK. Here's the next question, because I don't know from the clinic's perspective, I guess how that ordering process typically goes, but my initial imagining of it was a kind of a double invoicing system where you'll invoice the clinics that are ordering for their whole amount for a month or however long, and then you'll turn around and use that to pay the invoice that you're probably going to get from the pharmacy in question. Is that kind of how it's working, or is it going to be more the case where the pharmacy pays on the spot or something like that, or not the pharmacy, the the client, the clinic? Excuse me. Um, Good question, so a lot of the. Well, I'll, I'll try to be more brief. Sorry, I'm feeling like very verbose today, like someone's paying me by the word or something, um. The simplest version is probably we bill clinics daily, a daily batch of everything they ordered that day, and we collect that automatically. Um, that could be a card on file, that could be an ACH, um, and maybe a card on file has a, you know, a credit card fee associated with it. ACH usually doesn't. And then, um, What the pharmacies invoice me, they'll probably just invoice me directly. Like I don't think we need to have that built in just good reporting that we can cross-reference, but they'll give us probably like a weekly invoice or something like that. Some of them probably even still daily. OK. If that's sorry, if so, that's tighter than actually most businesses I know. Most businesses are net 30 and net 90. So if that's the case for sorry, pharmacies and clinics, that's really good to know that these things have tighter turnaround than the average. Well, it has, it has to do with the type of of item being purchased, Joseph, like that's the big thing here. Well, and part of the, it's actually part of the value proposition. Think about from a pharmacy pharmacy perspective, dealing with thousands of doctors' offices. Some of whom never pay their bills, like it's a mess. A lot of these pharmacies literally, you want, you want a prescription, you pay me today, like right now for that prescription, like per prescription on the credit card, on the, you know, it's like, that's a little aggressive, but that's how some of them do it. Whether that's the accounting or whether it's the collections thing they want to simplify, I don't know, maybe a combination. Um, so one of the things they're most excited about with us is like one payer for hundreds, maybe potentially thousands of accounts at some point. It's like, like you're just dealing with us, we pay, and so if we can negotiate better terms over time, that's going to be really advantageous. For starters, they're like, yeah, probably 7 days, maybe we can build that to 30 days, but it's not gonna ever probably be 90 days because these pharmacies, they want, they need their cash too. OK. OK, sounds good. All right. Um, those are honestly my main technical questions. Oh, I, I guess it was worth just noting, if I was reading correctly, um, because obviously I took in your PRD and then immediately started discussing with Claude. And getting a whole bunch of thoughts out of it. Claude wrote the PRD, so ask Claude the questions, probably not me. Yeah, no, exactly. That was kind of my, my thought is, hey, I know this is a 22 page PRD. I know I'm going to have a lot of information in it that I can probably ask about with Claude that I'll get a lot of useful detail on. ID.me is the sensible solution from what I was reading about what we do for identifying people. And there was a problem in your guys' system where legally, in order to order the prescription, you have to present your identification at purchase time. Which is quite the deal. So it means that if somebody's in the clinic, they're going to be constantly checking their ID, but that seems to be just a legal necessity, correct? I'm glad you asked that. Let me clarify cause I think we're mixing a couple of things right now. Um, ID.me in our current systems is for the prescriber. Right, so my, my nurse practitioner is writing a prescription for, um, and it's really just controlled substances for purposes of today, testosterone is probably it. It's like really the only controlled substance we do. But if my prescriber, her name's Emily, if she's writing a prescription for, you know, Joe, Joe Ivy for testosterone, when she goes to send that script through, Um, it'll like tag that ID.me that we want to verify that it's her that's ordering it and not like an assistant or somebody else that hacked her account or whatever. Like that's, so that's that, and yeah, it's really cumbersome. She might be sending through, you know, 20 of those a day. It's not huge numbers, but it's like 20 times she's going back through the ID ID.me. Process and it's like what a joke. I don't know that it's legally required. All I know is that that's what our current systems do. It feels, it feels like that, so I flagged it in there as like we should do a little review on that because if she could just do it like. Once a day or once a session, like, hey, we know Emily is in her system, it's not, unless she's literally handing her laptop to somebody else to go now push meds, which would be like, I don't think any self-respecting clinician would do that, um, because they're, they're, it's their license on the line. Um, I would think once per session would be fine. It's like, OK, we, we got Emily logged in, she can push all the meds she wants as a prescriber, um, and we're, and we're good with that. By the way, I don't know. I don't know the ID.me has to be the solution either. All I know is like that's what we do now. That's as much as I know. That's the biggest thing is we have to make sure we have to do some kind of something closer to identification Yeah, this is the computer they're logged in on, right? It's probably Joseph for all intents and purposes, it's probably nearly exactly the same as KYC for a bank. That's kind of what I was thinking. I was even considering if Stripe Identity was one of the options, but Stripe Identity would be so expensive to do that. Because it's 50 cents a pop. So, so it's probably is, does it make sense from like a starting position to keep it, keep it the standard of, hey, we're gonna scan it every time you make a prescription just from a liability perspective, and then if we determine it's, you know, safe to move from there, then we can do that down the road or like what when you, when you've been thinking about like Kind of how the frequency there, like what, what are you, this goes, goes back to what Dan was saying about the risk, like what, what are you willing to To do in that situation. Cause, cause obviously it just like if something did happen because that it wasn't scanning every time, you know, that's, that's where potential liability would come from. Yeah, so now we're, I'm gonna cross it out of my lane and into a technical lane, and so Joe just slapped me for a second, but like, can it literally just put a variable, like can the variable be per script and then later we could change that variable to per session or per day or? Yeah, I mean, as long as we know that we're going to potentially pivot upfront, we can pivot. One idea I had in particular is if we can't just say the session is authenticated and that's good enough, another strategy we might be able to pull is instead that the clinician adds it to their queue. And so, you know, as they're going through their day, prescribe, prescribe, prescribe, prescribe, you know, they're building up this list, and then at the end of the day we just have them do their ID once and then push the whole list together. OK. Yeah, I mean, the, uh, the queue, we need a queue for sure because most prescribers don't write their own prescriptions. It's usually a medical assistant that puts them in a queue. Yeah, all the more sign off on them. Yeah, just sign off on the list. It just seems like a really easy way to answer that question right there is, well, we'll only have to do it once a day. Yeah, we just, we just answered our own question right there to some degree, Joseph. So, or at least John gave us the input that we needed. Yep. So I think that that simplifies things a lot. We don't have to worry about the session thing nearly as much as there's just one sign off per day, and that's a really easy way to just make it happen smoothly. Yeah, John, is that, I, I guess that's the question, is that, is that level of frequency sufficient? That is, the, the assistant queues it all up and then the actual prescribing like PA or whoever it is, goes in at once a day or maybe twice a day and says, yep, this is good and sends the cue. I still don't know. I'm still guessing. I mean, cause, you know, in today's, in today's setup. They still have to do it every prescription, even if it's already in a queue. It's still like if that once they get to one that has testosterone, it's like, all right, ID. me and get out your phone. Um, you know, so. I'm probably overstating how painful that is. I will say our, our biggest competitor in this space doesn't do any of that. It's just a login. And when they sold it to me as a clinic owner, they're like, hey, how cool is this? Super convenient. And I know like what I'm working on, they don't, and they're like, hey, you just log in, push all the meds. I was like, OK, like, what about like verifying identity of the prescriber? Like, no, like, that's not necessary. I was like, really? Like there's no legal requirement. They're like, no, I guess I'll overkill anybody doing that stuff. And my, my reaction to that, even just as a clinic owner was like, man, that feels really risky. Like that password gets out or you share it with the wrong person and I've had, you know, medical assistants get really excited about their job and now they think they know what to prescribe, and then like literally push meds that are non-controlled because it's allowed in the system and I'm like, don't, don't ever do that. Like you can't pretend that you're the prescriber. Um, any system that allows that kind of stuff, I feel like it's kind of janky. So I, I think that we'll probably make it like feel more secure, less convenient. Like I'd rather edge toward that side, one for legal and compliance, but two is like, it just kind of feels right. It's like, hey, this is, this is secure, you know. So I don't know that it has to be per prescription. Let's leave that as an open item. I just don't know the answer, um, but we want something for sure that's like, hey, we know who that person is, and they're verified. OK, OK, um, a question I had, um, really quick, kind of just you mentioned briefly, um, I was doing my own research in between the last time we talked on potential other competitors in this space. Um, it sounds like Sure Scripts is the biggest. Is that, am I have seen. Accurate information there or do you, do you know like what the competitive landscape is? Cause based on our last conversation, it sounded like you wanted to initially deploy to all of the chain, but then potentially expand from there. Um. Sure Scripts is um, it's about 20 years old. Um, it's the, it's like the backbone of the whole industry for like e-prescribing. Um, it's not really a system. It's just more like it's the underlying technology. So, we use a system that's called, um, scripture. I like to call it scripture power. Um, it's like literally, I'm like, guys, good, good job in the naming, very creative, but it's literally just, um, it's built off of the, and I'm gonna say it backwards. It's built off the script SureScript platform, but it's like its own thing. We can log into there. And, you know, I, like we can, can actually order from any, actually any pharmacy, not just like the 12. Every pharmacy is plugged into this network. Um, the problem is, Is there's no like. I'll, I'll describe the problem from the pharmacy side. When they get a prescription from SureScript from any one of the, you know, number of platforms built on it. It's almost like a fax, like it comes into him. But they have no idea, like, there's no verification of who the prescriber is, there's no verification on the prescription itself. Like I can go create, I could go make a recipe right now in scripture that says, hey, I'm going to send Dan Osler, uh, burger and fries. Like that's my prescription, you know. Like I could create that. I'm not kidding you, I could make that a prescription, I could put it through. Dan, you name a pharmacy that's down the street from you, CVS, and they will get a prescription for Dan Oss or for burger and fries. And they're gonna be like, what are we gonna do? What are we doing with this? Like, what is this? Um, but that's how it works. Like, so like there are, like it's really good for like commercial products like cause it has a whole library of like all the commercial meds. So it's like, hey, you know, really, you shouldn't be creating these custom burger and fry, you know, ideas for Dan, but like, If Dan needs like some, you know, basic generic drug that you get at CVS like that's, that's a good platform for it. Usually, the customers going to CVS and they're, hey, I'm just here to pick up my prescription, they're paying CVS. Um, directly for those meds or using insurance or something like that. So like that's kind of what it's built for. What it's not built for is what we do, which is like, Um, custom compounds or, or compounded meds, and so these aren't your CVSs, these are compound pharmacies. Yeah, so it's like Reed's and it's like Reeds and Hiram and Cook Brothers in Providence, like, yeah, literally, like it would be like Reeds would be a great pharmacy where it's like, hey, Now, I would go to Reeds or Reeds would go to me and say, hey, this is, these are the products we make. Here's our, it's called a formulary, it's our catalog. I would want to load that now into Uh, our platform and the hero script, it says, you know, if you're ordering from Reeds, this is their catalog. Reads is going to tell me where they're, which states they're licensed in. Maybe it's just Utah. I don't, I don't actually know. I know who those guys are, but I've never met them. So let's say they're licensed in like Utah, Arizona, Idaho, Nevada or something. It's like we could put them in with their 4 states and their catalog and any clinician that's prescribing to those states could pull up like their catalog and put in an order, right? It's like that, it's just a different use case than what you get from the scriptures of the world. Yeah, that makes sense. So ultimately you're really targeting. Are you are you targeting custom formulary stuff or is it everything? The target pharmacy is compound pharmacies. The, the target clinician is like the, the wellness world. So like med, spas, men's health, um, people that are doing like these kind of compounds, usually injectables, a lot of them. And most of them are cash pay medicine, like you're gonna pay game day, you know, whatever, $200 a month or whatever for your testosterone plan, and they're gonna make sure you get all your meds mailed to you. Um, so like that's the ecosystem where we're going to really shine. OK. OK. Thank you. Yeah, that, that definitely is helpful. So what I'm foreseeing then, tell me if I'm wrong, is that the trick of this project really is going to be the fact that we have 6 plus APIs to work with. They're all going to want to talk differently, and yet we need our ordering system to be able to correctly identify which pharmacies are actually able to fill a prescription, not just which ones are, you know, not just send it blindly to one. And to correctly merge their catalogs, so to speak, to identify, you know, if I order this thing, it is this thing in their catalog over here. This is how it corresponds. Yeah. Yeah, pretty much. Cool. I, in that case, I think I have a decent picture of what we'd be putting together. So, you said that you could get the AP docs pretty like within the next week, did you say? Probably not soon enough to get like into this bidding process. I'm, I'm trying to make a decision on who we're working with, um, like this week before because I'm leaving town and I just wanna get this thing kicked off. So, um, I'm not looking for like a, you know, a binding quote from you guys like, hey, this is, but I need it like a solid range. Uh, well, that's, that's one of the things that I actually wanted to ask about anyway, so we can kind of get into it. Um, we're, we're not cheap. Like, John, I'm just, I'm just gonna shoot it to you straight. We're, we're not cheap, but we're probab, and I don't wanna sound narcissistic, but we, I just haven't seen anybody that's able to keep up with us in the inner mountain west, from a, from a technology standpoint. Um, I, I think, uh, I, I ask these questions only because I wanna know where I start scaring you away. And that's, that's it. Um. And, and I'm not, I'm not asking to bind you to anything. You're not asking to bind me to anything right now. I just need to know if we're in the same world in reality. Um, what, what is your budget even look like for this kind of thing? And, and how, how long do you want us to be engaged? Like, we write, let's say we write you a platform, we have it up and running in 3 months. Um, how long do you want us to, to support this thing after you go live? What, what is your, what is your post-development world? What does it look like? You know, what, what, what do you want from us? Uh, and I'll tell you, I mean, we've done everything from, we launch a platform for something that I suspect is about the same thing and, uh, you know, same scope or same size, um, and we're done. And that's all that our, our client wanted from us. But then we've also, we also have clients on board that we've now supported for 15 years. Yeah, you know, and we will continue to support those clients simply because we like, it's easier for me to maintain a relationship with a client and find a new one. It just is. So what do you want from us? What, what, what does. Your best case scenario actually looked like. Um, Well, Three weeks ago I had a technical co-founder who's gonna build it for free, right? Free equity, right, and be involved long term. So me as a non-technical, I'm like, great, that problem is like solved. I'm just gonna go build this business and we're gonna go kill it and have a great time, um, so. There's like a couple of paths I can, I can look at, and you described most of them. One is I could have somebody like you guys build us a platform and hand it off. Um, I'm gonna have to go recruit a technical person to take that on now and understand it and manage it and add features over time and stuff like that, right? That's not really that interesting right now. Um, we got bigger fish to fry. I mean, what, what is your exit look like? What, what does your, you personally, what does your exit look like, you know, is this something you want to get up to a certain critical mass? Uh, you know, have it processing all of this for the existing, the existing set of clinics for, you know, game day, and then sell it off, or is this something that you see yourself being involved in for 5 to 8 years? Um, I'm probably more of the 3 to 5 year range personally. Um, so if we had like, with that end in mind, if we were like, if I'm like, guys, look, the technology is, was built by this group, they're still managing it, they're not going anywhere. They've been in business, you know, 20 years or whatever it is. Uh, the technology is good. It's solved. It's great. Um, that's probably better now. Having somebody in-house later, um, is an option we probably would want, right? It gives you, it gives you, so when it, when it comes to those, the conversations, the exit conversations, that kind of resource in-house always gives you more leverage. Yeah, it just does, yep. Um, but not in the next, I mean, if you guys, I mean, for purposes of this conversation, answering your question, um, again, somebody's got to pay me by the, by the word here. Um, if we could have you guys build it and maintain it for at least 1 year, like that's probably a sweet spot, and then we go from there. In 1 year it could turn into 3, I'm probably fine with that. I don't think we're trying to build. Um, technology as our, as our primary driver of enterprise value. Our real driver is building the network itself. The more we can bring in clinics to this thing and drive volume, the better it is for the, for the pharmacy. So this isn't about game day exclusively then though either, and, and I kind of knew that, but like your roadmap is very clearly, this isn't game day only. Correct, right, yep. Yeah, and Game Day knows that, and they actually want that because the bigger we can make the prescribing base, the better pricing everybody gets. It's about the data and, and who wants. To use that said data, the platform. Yeah, the data has value in itself, but even just the volume, you know, the bigger we are, the more pharmacies are like, jeez, let's, let's knock another 10% off. We want to keep your business like that, that position is very powerful. It's, uh, very attractive, and that's gonna be way more valuable than the technology, but the technology has to be a given. Like I don't want to take it for granted, like it has to be great. It's got to be easy to use, it's gotta be seamless, um. You know, we didn't really talk about this much, but like in my mind, like, man, if this could be Stripe levels of easy to integrate with other websites where it's like, hey, you're a prescriber of this stuff, here's your little snippet of code, go throw it on your website, and now prescribing is like built in, but we run it, right? Um. All of that stuff is what's going to drive the real value for us. It's just number of meds, number of clinics, and having the right pharmacies to support it all. So, yeah, I don't see me having like a huge dev shop, um, being like a win. Yeah. The, the, there's a couple of things that are crossing my mind. I have some liability in this thing, if we were to build it from a security standpoint, right? Like, you're gonna expect me to sign a BAA and I'm going to have to maintain, maintain systems and business operating procedures, and insurance, and all, and, and practices that ultimately support that too. So this isn't true, I, I guess what I'm saying is, to me, this is not trivial, um. It's definitely in our wheelhouse, definitely what we've done in the past. Um, I just have to balance that. Uh, uh, like, I, I'm gonna throw a number out here and I just need you to tell me, whoa, that Dan, like, where in the heck did that come from, or, you know, OK, that, that makes sense, right? Like, if I came at you and I said, hey, it's gonna take us, it, it's gonna take us 4 months to develop this thing, and you're probably looking at 6 months of active development, so 4 months to get it live. 2 months of continued feature development to get you to where you feel like you have good critical mass, and people are just coming in the door. Um, uh, if I told you a quarter of a million dollars, would you blink at that? Um, yes and no. I like, I, I, I, I'm just having a candid conversation, right? Like, yeah, and I'll be candid right back. So, um, that would be a lot higher than what other people are kind of saying it's gonna take to build. They're usually more in like the 100k range, um, and timing is probably our biggest, the biggest hang up. Most of them are like. 2 to 3 months to get a pilot up live and then another, you know, 6 months total, like that's not scary. I think that's probably to be expected. Once we launch this, it's going to be like, oh crap, we really need this feature for this to work and whatever else. Um, so the 6 month thing is not scary. If it were a quarter million, it's like, OK, that's what it is. That's what it takes to do it, um. The money, the number doesn't scare me, and we can get that kind of resource in place. It's more just like that doesn't sound like what I'm hearing from other shops, if that makes any sense. Sure, yep. That that doesn't, but that doesn't surprise me at all, right? Like that statement does not surprise me at all. Um, Well, what I don't want is have have someone say it's going to be 100,000 and then 100,000 into it, you're like, wow, we made a terrible mistake. These guys don't know what they're doing. And it's going to be another 150 or another quarter, you know, 250 just to start over and we lost all that time. So like, those are the things I'm trying to understand. Yep, I completely understand that, that thought process. Um, I, I don't need you to tell me who you're, who else you've talked to, right? Um, there, there are a couple of things that I would, I would caution against, knowing, uh, uh, I'm assuming that some of them are in Utah somewhere. Um, and I have a pretty good idea of who my competitors, and air quotes, competitors are in Utah. Um, almost all of my competitors in Utah, that I, that I know of ship at least part of their work offshore, and that's usually the biggest downfall. Um, it's just a, uh, what we call, what we call a time zone tax, and a, and a culture slash communication tax. Um, And and the way that I kind of understand that or, or hear that in this conversation is that that's that, that is usually the spread that we see, right, is that somebody has said, oh, it's gonna take you about this amount of time and about this amount of capital to to develop it, given, given their process that generally ships it elsewhere, at least part of it. So that like none of that actually really. Surprises me in any way. Um. OK. Joseph, what are your thoughts? Um, about like from the technical perspective and or like the estimate perspective or we're just having like we're just having like a candid conversation. I mean, I don't want John to have any kind of surprises. No, I mean, John, bluntly, we just charge 150 an hour. That's how we work. Like it could be shorter, it could be longer. Most of it's going to be figuring out how to jump through the hoops, which is actually why my first question was, have you guys already gotten all the API docs? Have you already gotten Access to the kinds of systems that you're going to need to touch, because if you have, that's actually a good chunk of it. Another good chunk of it is going to just be making sure that all of the boxes are tick ticked with HIPAA. In terms of actual development, I don't know how it's going to go for sure, but It seems like it's going to Well, The project doesn't seem gigantic. In terms of code, my concern is always around the legal, the legal stuff and making sure that we have ticked every box and done it properly, so. Yeah, When we say legal, you mean you're talking about compliance, yeah, all the compliance, all of the security, all of the, yeah, all of that stuff. That, that's actually where the bigger weight in all of this really is, is, is the complexity that comes from. It's, it, it's, it's codifying or codifying. The compliance complexity is what it is. Yeah. I'll also say this too, we have some really crazy good and efficient tools for doing a lot of this, and we do use AI for stuff that we feel like it could make sense on. We have to be really careful on it around here. I view AI in this case as pretty much equivalent to offshoring something in some ways, where what you're doing is you're taking something that's critical to your business. And you're giving it to people who have a very high distance and lack of connection to it and usually are split up among bunches of different people. And then you're pulling it all back together and hoping that no one made a mistake. And you can review it as much as you want, but at some point, the review time you're spending is more than the time. That you would have just spent building it, at least with decent tooling, um. I'm going to bet that we find some ways to speed up the process with AI too, you know, on the front end and things like that. Things always get better, but the back end, we have to be really careful. I'll use AI to audit it, if anything, and make sure that we haven't made any holes or problems, but I don't think I'd want to use it, use it as much to build that, if that makes any sense, just out of sheer risk. So just technical perspective, what I'm looking at and kind of what I'm seeing in the project, I think it's I think it's a really viable and good project, and I think that's when you, when you say other people have been bidding less, I could see the definitely the code side being Significantly less. I just need to make sure that When we give you an estimate like that, I'm like, OK, but is that going to cover all of the back and forth that end up happening over this thing over here and that thing over here, this thing over here. And that's kind of where my mind is. I don't know. I don't know if any of that made sense, but that's what's on my mind. Yeah. I mean, look, I, I don't, I have to defer to you guys. I just don't know. You're right. You literally don't know. So I, I have, I don't have, I only have one actual bid. I have people throwing out ranges kind of like what you've done here. Um, they've all said, look, let us regroup internally and give you something back, and it's, it's again. Uh, the nature of it makes it impossible to say like, here's the number and we're gonna hold to it. What I get that, um. Well, and one of the big problems too is one of the biggest variabilities you have is those APIs and if you don't have the docs, getting an estimate is dangerous. I don't know. How could you have an accurate estimate if one of the greatest variables is unknown? That would, that's just my thought. Well, maybe I'm not, um. Maybe I'm oversimplifying. In my mind, it's like, I think the heavy lift is really building the system where we house all this data and the transmission of it, of an actual prescription, I don't think is the heavy lifts. And that not, but I could be wrong. No, that actually could be highly accurate, right? That, that is, that is simply put that we haven't interacted with that specific world sufficiently historically to, to, you know, feel that comfortable. You have, even though you may not have the, the knowledge of the API itself, you've worked in that world, and that world is supported by that API right now. Yeah, yeah, and I. Like I know the errors that we make, and I think our system can prevent those errors. It's like, how many times do I transmit prescriptions and I, I didn't mark whether or not that patient has allergies. Like it happens all the time, like every day I get another pharmacy saying, does this patient have allergies? I'm like, ah, check that box, you know, um, like our system could flag that, hey, don't, you can't send this allergies bucket or it hasn't been solved. Um, the, how many. Um, I don't know. There's maybe 10 things that are like, individually, they're very simple, but when you get into like large numbers of these things, you just, you overlook, you make human error. It's like, I think building that logic in the system is the hard part. Again, like transferring that data packet now to a pharmacy, it's like, here's a clean prescription. We did the, um, we did all the checks on our end. You just have to now accept that. Now, the, the web hooks back and forth are pretty much they get it, they tell us they got it, then they tell us if they accepted it, and then they're going to give us like all these statuses, most of which we can ignore and the final status being shipped, and here's your tracking number. So like that's like really the APIs are doing that talking. There's not a lot else. The catalog deduplication. That's actually the part that I'm thinking about. Maybe it will be, it will be much easier than I think. And the other thing too you have to realize is that we've been building tools for building these data systems and these, the way people build forms and exchange information, that's something we've specialized in and we've got down very solidly. So that stuff is like the easy, easy part to me. Um, we've done that pattern a lot. For me, it's always, how do we talk to other people and what, you know, more importantly, how are they, what are they going to tell us? Because yeah, when we see that catalog, if we don't have to do a ton of deduplication, people are using consistent identifiers for things, and that system is nice and simple. I actually think then, yeah, that API will be pretty easy. I just don't know what the shape of it is, and I'm kind of flying blind on that one. That's fair. I don't think we should try and do everyone's work for them. I think we should give the, like the catalog as it comes in from the pharmacy, that's their catalog. If another 33 pharmacies have the exact same exact exact same items, I don't really care. Because the prescriber is smart enough to like say, hey, it's, it's testosterone or hey, it's semaglutide. They can filter through, hey, there's 12 options here. Which one do you want? OK, no, this is important to me because this changes the scope. It would be OK, or it is something that is expected that these clinicians might be picking out which pharmacy they're intending on ordering from, and that's OK. It actually needs to be that way. If we try to do a lot of smart routing, like maybe eventually you could get there, but it actually now kind of puts us in a weird spot of like, hey, we're trying to push meds one place or the other. It's a much cleaner position to be like, Here's the catalog, you order whatever you want. That actually, that's the part I was thinking through is all the smart routing, which is why I'm like, yeah, this API stuff sounds tricky. If we're not doing that, that does simplify the scope quite a bit. And it is something that you could add down the road if you identify that as being an issue, you know, something that you wanna add. So yeah, that does, that does simplify it a bit, quite a bit. Down the road we'll need it for sure because when we get to a certain size, it's gonna be like. We're gonna start hitting the capacity constraints like, hey, well, this pharmacy can only take 5000 a day and they're done. That's where Joseph in my head has already been, right? Is that like how do, like how do we address all of, all of those pieces at that point in time. And I mean the other thing that we're trying to do is, is. Reduce the cognitive load of all of your, your prescribers, right? We don't even want them to have to think if we do, like, cause the, the more, the more you remove their, the need for them to think, the faster and less error prone their order process is gonna be. And that, that's where our heads have been. Yeah, I mean if, if they can see the whole catalog, then that simplifies so much of this, honestly, trust me guys, I could burn through a quarter million with my ideas pretty fast, but I, I, that is part of like what I'm actually really pretty good at is like, OK, what has to go and what can wait and what can never happen because if otherwise you can just Overbuild this thing and we really just need to ship the products and let our prescribers start to get in there and then tell you what the features need to feel like. Yeah, I mean, look, we have. 400 built-in customers that are gonna have to use this thing. Like game day is gonna tell them, this is how you order now. It's not going to happen all at once. They're going to give us probably 10 for the pilot. And it's like, hey, this is, you know, you're part of this pilot, you've been selected. But that's kind of the beauty of it from my perspective is I'm like, I, I mean, I, I don't want to take advantage of that and say we can ship a crap product because that's obviously not our goal, but, um, they're gonna have to use this thing and then we have to answer, make it easier for them over time. But we're, we're kind of in a little bit of a monopoly situation going out where it's like just, we just have to build a thing that they can use. And if it's as good or better than the current situation, they're gonna be by and large happy with it. So, so, and that might have been an answer to my question, um, just I was just gonna ask like what when you consider like the pilot, when that's starting and then like deployment across all of game day, what does success actually look like? Does it just mean like an easier process, like they just like it more? Is there like any numbers attached to that success, like how many orders you want through it or anything like that? Yeah, and I, I put in the um. In the document, a number of metrics that I wanna like. Learn from. Mostly they're just to inform our success, but I mean, really. At the very simplest level, if 10 clinics get in and they're like, this is how we want to do it, this is better than everything we've done, the pilot was successful. And then if it's, you know, from their debugged, where it's like, now we can roll this out, um, The next step isn't announced to 400 clinics, and now we're live with 400. Now we got to manage 400 of them. It's gonna be an announcement to the network, hey, this is happening now. We've done this pilot with 10 clinics. If you want to be part of that, um. You know, fill out this form or put yourself on a waiting list, and then we'll just bring them in in waves, you know, we'll bring on 1020 at a time. Until, you know, my customer service team starts to get overwhelmed or the pharmacies start to complain about this, that or the other, and then we can dial it back and Um, it's meant to be a staged rollout and it's controlled. I mean, the nice thing is literally like, again, guys, we, the, the customers are there. Game Day is fully committed to this initiative and supporting it from their end, and so that, that gives us the possibility to do it the right way. OK, cool. Um, just super last question, um, don't wanna take too much more of your time, but what is your, do you have any other like supporting staff or anything that will be able to Like assist in, like you mentioned, the customer support or, you know, any other roles besides the technical side? Uh, not yet, but we will. We'll need like a support team. Cause we're now we're the one point of contact everybody's going to to say, you know, can you help me with my prescription? Mhm. But that team hasn't been built out. Our, our priority right now is, is to get this thing on rails and understand the timeline to get the system built so we can plan the rest of the business around it. Got you. OK. Um, And, do you guys have any other questions or did you, did you have something you wanted to say, John? Yeah, just maybe kind of last thought on the commercial side, Dan, is, you know, maybe there's a version of this that's attractive to you guys if you're wanting to come in and be, um, more of a long-term partner and be like an equity player, like we could be open to that. I know that some of my co-founders have said, man, if, you know, that would be interesting, not that, Not because the cash isn't there. It's not a cash saving idea, but it's more of like it'd be great to have a, a partner who is literally an owner and invested in it the way we are and thinking about the way we are as owners. Yep, I know that's attractive. That's something actually that we've been involved in in the past. Usually the way that that works out is that there will take a some kind of equity position of some kind for a discounted, you know, discounted development. Rate is ultimately how that works out, but I totally understand why you want that, and I don't blame, blame you or anybody else that has been, you know, is, is considered a co-founder. It causes buy-in at, at our level, and you want that, like you do want that. Uh, I don't think you would need that from, from our perspective, um. We, once we kind of buy into a project, it's kind of our baby we get protective of it whether it's ours to own or not, um, but I, I'm, I'm not against that in any way, shape or form. OK. Yeah, like, uh, so I, I guess, John, what's, what is your next steps? What, what do you want from us? What would it need to look like from, from us for you to say, uh, lightning kite is the place that I want to go, and I don't necessarily, I'm not asking in terms of cost, more along the lines of what makes you, what checks your boxes kind of thing, and makes you feel comfortable with Lightning Kiite being your vendor. Um, you're full of hard questions today, Dan. It's my job.'s the right question, um. So Um, Ideally, I have something on my desk, Wednesday or Thursday of this week that's like, don't, don't give me a 30-page document to read, but, you know, give me a 3 to 5-page proposal. It's like, hey, this is, this is who we are, this is why we're the right ones for the job. This is our approach to this project, how we're going to do it. This is What effort in terms of man, hours and um time, effort we think is involved to build this project the right way, this is what we charge for that. Um, and Again, ultimately I have to decide who's the right person for the job, and it's not going to be lowest bidder, that's for sure. Um, I mean, it'd be great if that person happened to be the lowest bidder, but it probably won't be, right? Um, I have to make a judgment call, and it's a pretty high stakes call for me because whoever I pick is like, that's the horse we're going to ride with on this thing, you know, I can't afford to start over, um. So I'll have to use that information and I've, I've gotten some of those coming in already. This is why I'd like to meet with people, um, in this kind of conversation because I've learned a lot about you in the last hour that I wouldn't have picked up in a five-page doc, right? So, um, I'll take all that into account and I'll make a call and I'll live with it. All right, sounds good. That's what it'll be. So if I can get that from you guys in the next couple of days. Um, My daughter is graduating high school on Wednesday. Cool. And then Thursday I'm gonna award this thing and then Friday we're leaving town for a few days because I only have like 2 more weeks with her before she leaves on a mission. So I'm like, we gotta maximize our time, man. She's going to Taiwan. Oh boy, my, my uncle went to Taiwan. He loved it. Yeah, I mean, he's, uh, yeah, I mean, he's in his 60s and we still talk about his mission all the time. Taiwan was an interesting experience for him. Everybody I know that's been there. Um, just falls in love with the place, so yep, that is exactly what he would say. Yeah, I had a, I had a friend who, who went there for like, I think it was 2 or 3 months, and he literally pedal biked across the entire country, and he, he loved it over there, so that's great. OK, so that's kind of my timeline. OK, we've got some homework. We'll get after it. Um, Joseph, Eric, can you guys hang out at the office for just a minute, and I'll just, I'll just run over real quick. Yep, will do. Um, yeah, we'll, we'll get back to you with. With all the All the information you need to make a decision and We can go from there. So, by the way, I love Logan. My wife served a good chunk of her mission up there. So, uh, we, we love Logan and good people up there, and you guys work hard. So like that, that carries some weight for me too. We, uh, I came up 30 years ago for school and I thought I'd leave. No way. I love it. Love it here. So it's all right, I'll be over at the office in a few. Thanks guys. We'll see you later. It was nice to meet you, John. Good to meet you. We'll see you. All right, bye.
